OADP CQA - use cases section adding JTBD (#99439)
openshift/openshift-docs: backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-use-cases/oadp-use-cases-summary.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="oadp-use-cases-summary"]
= {oadp-first} use cases summary
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: oadp-use-cases-backup

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
Applications with persistent storage require a backup solution that can capture both the application's Kubernetes resources and the data stored in its persistent volumes. The {oadp-first} Operator uses Velero and its plugins to ensure a consistent backup of persistent volumes.

> The {oadp-short} Operator, which leverages Velero, provides a flexible and powerful solution for backing up and restoring applications on OpenShift Container Platform. It addresses a variety of common use cases, from simple stateless applications to complex applications with internal databases and persistent volumes. The core functionality revolves around creating consistent snapshots of application resources and data, which can then be used for disaster recovery, migration, or restoring to a previous state.

Author: ```suggestion
The {oadp-short} Operator, which leverages Velero, provides a flexible and powerful solution for backing up and restoring applications on {product-title}. It addresses a variety of common use cases, from simple stateless applications to complex applications with internal databases and persistent volumes. The core functionality revolves around creating consistent snapshots of application resources and data, which can then be used for disaster recovery, migration, or restoring to a previous state.
```
